This is the solutions video for the vector lab,
covering adding two vectors and plotting their results.
First, we need to replace none with the definition of vector v w
by adding vector w to vector v. Here,
we've coded v w equals v plus w,
and we mark this task as done.
Next, we need to copy the arrow statement from vector v and place it here,
replacing vector v with vector v w. Color equals b with color equals k,
linewidth equal 2.5 with linewidth equal 3.5.
This will plot vector v w as
the thick black arrow in the plot down here so that it matches our solution here.
Next, we click on the "Save" icon to save our work.
Then, we select "Kernel",
"Restart & Run All" to run all the code in
the cells and visualize the changes that we've made to the plot.
Finally, we compare our plot to the solution.
And we can see, since they match,
we've coded everything correctly.
This completes this section of the lab.